Improve the-array-data-structure.md (#1535)
enkidevs/curriculum: comp-sci/data-structures-and-algorithms/intro-data-structures/the-array-data-structure.md

---
## Content

> An **array** is a data structure organized as a collection of elements linearly, for which **indexes** are used to access its content. The same information may appear in the array more than once, but under different indexes. This is how you could picture it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **array** is a data structure organized as a linear collection of elements, for which **indexes** (numerical indicators for position) are used to access its content. The same information may appear in the array more than once, but under a different index. This is how you could picture it:
```

> ![array](%3Csvg%20width%3D%22100%25%22%20height%3D%22auto%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%20700%20300%22%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%3E%3Ctitle%3EArtboard%3C%2Ftitle%3E%3Cg%20fill%3D%22none%22%20fill-rule%3D%22evenodd%22%3E%3Cpath%20stroke%3D%22currentColor%22%20stroke-width%3D%222%22%20fill%3D%22%23FFF%22%20d%3D%22M75%20144h550v100H75z%22%2F%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-Light%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2250%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%2296.4951172%22%20y%3D%22211%22%3E20%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-Light%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2250%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22212.497559%22%20y%3D%22211%22%3E3%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-Light%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2250%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22315.497559%22%20y%3D%22211%22%3E5%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-Light%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2250%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22416.497559%22%20y%3D%22211%22%3E3%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M175%20146v97m102-97v97m102-97v97m102-97v97%22%20stroke%3D%22currentColor%22%20stroke-width%3D%222%22%20stroke-linecap%3D%22square%22%2F%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-Light%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2280%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22528.496094%22%20y%3D%22219%22%3E%E2%80%A6%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M125%2095.5v41m-3-10.8l3%2010.8%203-10.8M227%2096v41m-3-10.8l3%2010.8%203-10.8M329%2094v41m-3-10.8l3%2010.8%203-10.8M431%2096v41m-3-10.8l3%2010.8%203-10.8%22%20stroke%3D%22currentColor%22%20stroke-width%3D%222%22%20stroke-linecap%3D%22square%22%2F%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-LightItalic%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2230%22%20font-style%3D%22italic%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22115.15277%22%20y%3D%2280%22%3E0%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-LightItalic%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2230%22%20font-style%3D%22italic%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22219.15277%22%20y%3D%2280%22%3E1%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-LightItalic%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2230%22%20font-style%3D%22italic%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22321.15277%22%20y%3D%2280%22%3E2%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3Ctext%20font-family%3D%22RobotoMono-LightItalic%2C%20Roboto%20Mono%22%20font-size%3D%2230%22%20font-style%3D%22italic%22%20font-weight%3D%22300%22%20fill%3D%22currentColor%22%3E%3Ctspan%20x%3D%22423.15277%22%20y%3D%2280%22%3E3%3C%2Ftspan%3E%3C%2Ftext%3E%3C%2Fg%3E%3C%2Fsvg%3E)

Reviewer: Can we also use a PNG here?

Author: sure thing, I'll convert the images

A *dynamic* bookshelf would resize itself as soon as there is no more room for another book, while a *static* one wouldn't.

> You can construct an array using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how you can construct an array in a few languages:
```
